Partner Application
Thank you for your interest in working with DALI! Please fill out the following questions to the best of your ability. Detailed answers will help us evaluate how the DALI lab could best work with you.



We evaluate projects on five categories: 



Positive social or environmental impact
Appropriate and interesting design and development challenges
A passionate and committed founding team
Feasibility
Originality/opportunity for innovation




If you have any specific questions or concerns, please email partners@dali.dartmouth.edu

General Information
🚀 Project title *

🚀 Project title:
👤 Main contact name *

👤 Main contact name:
📱 Main contact phone number *


United States
United States
📱 Main contact phone number:
📥 Main contact email *

📥 Main contact email:
📃 Legal entity name *

📃 Legal entity name:
✉️ Legal entity address *

✉️ Legal entity address:
📣 Internal reference

if applicable

📣 Internal reference:
🧑🏻‍🤝‍🧑🏻 Team members 

🧑🏻‍🤝‍🧑🏻 Team members :
🗓️ Preferred start dates *



No preference

Fall (September start)

Spring (April start)

Winter (January start)
🗓️ Preferred start dates:
🏫 What best describes your affiliation?  *

🏫 What best describes your affiliation? :
🌐 Website (if applicable) 

This form consists of the 3 parts:



The Problem

Any Existing Work

Collaboration with DALI





Please complete the prompts to the best of your ability. Ideally, answers are 1-2 paragraphs in length. However, the more detail, the better.

Part 1: The Problem
Briefly describe the problem you are solving *

Briefly describe the problem you are solving:
What is your proposed solution(s) / idea? *

What is your proposed solution(s) / idea?:
How is your project different from other existing similar solutions? *

How is your project different from other existing similar solutions?:
Who will use this product? *

Give multiple, specific examples of users and stakeholder groups

Who will use this product?:
Who does your project impact and how? *

Who does your project impact and how?:
What do you envision are the long-term impacts of this project? *

What do you envision are the long-term impacts of this project?:

Next


Part 2: Existing Work

At what stage is the project/idea? *

At what stage is the project/idea?:
Have you spoken with potential users of your solution and researched their needs?

If so, briefly describe your approach and findings. Secondly, What was the preliminary or most recent user feedback?

Have you spoken with potential users of your solution and researched their needs?:
What previous competitive research has been done on the project?

if any

What previous competitive research has been done on the project?:
What content or data will your project need? Do you own the content/data? If not, what access do you have?

If content/data has yet to be created, please describe the plans for creation.

What content or data will your project need? Do you own the content/data? If not, what access do you have?:
What is your project timeline? *

Briefly describe your project timeline in particular any ideas for your go-to-market strategy if applicable.

Part 3: Collaboration with DALI
Why DALI? *

Why DALI?:
Which aspects of the project would you like to enlist DALI's help? *

Which aspects of the project would you like to enlist DALI's help?:
Describe any funding available to you to support this project. *

Describe any funding available to you to support this project.:
How did you learn about the DALI Lab? *

How did you learn about the DALI Lab?:
Is this project under any time pressure or restrictions? *

If so, please explain or provide a hard-stop for DALI's contribution.

Is this project under any time pressure or restrictions?:
Is there anything else we should know when evaluating this project?

Attachments (optional)
Please upload any relevant documents or material related to the project that provide further details or clarity that will help us evaluate your application.

File 1

No file chosen
File 1:
File 2

No file chosen
File 2:
File 3


